we're going to share what our parents do
for work my mom to teach man your dad
he's a liar you mean he's a lawyer
Fletcher Reed was climbing the ladder of
success you're the victim here driven
into the arms of another man yeah
whatever
one my helmets in the mail I ran out of
gas lose a little weight at a time the
true victim is my client put yourself in
his shoes for a moment you're walking
from church when suddenly you encounter
bouncing from the shadows the work made
him a successful lawyer your ex-wife
called I have to go to court this
afternoon Fletcher it's his birthday
also made him an unpredictable father
until one day his son decided to make an
honest man out of him I wish that for
only one day
dad put it to a lot is he good for you
I've had better
no and it changed this absolutely of you
could you spare so yes I could I can't
all we can do is tell the truth make a
new jack whatever it takes to focus off
your head the whole twos know I pulled
you over I change lanes without
signaling while running a red light it's
had nothing but the truth it was me
your wish came true are we doing this
morning console I'm a little upset about
a bad sexual episode I had last night
from Universal Pictures and imagine
entertainment and the director of the
nuttin professor Jim Carrey
liar liar you in the building
everybody's been real nice
well it's because you have big